---
title: "Credit Notifications and a light clean up"
date: 2025-02-05
---

Hello everyone 😊  We are mid-sprint with some big exciting updates coming your way including payment processing for waitlist and register-interest bookings and exhibitor portal sms notifications 😮 You can expect to play around with these soon but for now, here are some small updates to keep us ticking along.

[improved]
 

- Low Portal & Invite Credit Notifications: When accounts now go below 50 invite credits or 5 portal credits the associated billing email will be notified to top up the account making sure your events aren’t emptied at critical moments.
- Negative Portal & Invite Credit Allowances: New functionality has been adopted allowing organisations to dip into negative portal and invite credits. Any negative credits at the end of the month will be invoiced to the organisation on a PAYG rate. This functionality will be enabled on an a per request basis ([email us to request access](https://mailto:support@artsvp.com))
- Cleaner Interface: We’ve removed outdated labels and banners (like the “NEW” tag and layout banners) to provide a cleaner and more streamlined experience when navigating events and collections.
- Enhanced Stability: We’ve locked down key dependencies to ensure a more stable and reliable platform for all users.
- Check-in Only Clarification: Information has been provided on all pages where members can be added to teams and events clarifying the role of “check-in only”

[fixed]
 

- Improved Invitation Links: The decline link within email invitations has been updated for clarity and to avoid email clients auto-declining. It now directs you to the invite page with updated text: “Please click here to mark yourself as not attending.”
- Date Range Filter Fix: The date range filter on the all bookings view now automatically submits when you make a change, making it easier to filter and find the bookings you need.
- Invite Deletion Bug: An invite deletion bug has been resolved that caused some portal invites to not be deletable.
