---
title: Enhanced Webhooks, Organisation Index Pages, and Key Fixes
date: 2025-04-28
---

## New

- Improved Webhook UX and Data Tracking — The webhook interface has had a significant improvement. From the 'developers' tab under organisation settings you can now add your own webhook endpoints, modify what version of data you receive back, and select what kind of events you'd like to be notified for. Endpoints can be set to 'inactive' or 'active' status based on your use case. We've also unified data output between our API and webhook events, and now keep up to 6 months of webhook events on file.

- Organisation Index Pages — Now available for everyone under their custom subdomain. Feature events you'd like showcased for your organisation by selecting "Feature This Event" when setting the Audience.

## Improved

- Filter any bookings page by "Extras" — perfect for quickly grabbing a list of people to hand out products for at the door.

- Fixed licensing issue for CSV upload functionality.

- Further sanitization of booking name fields to avoid spammy bookings on public events.

- Added ability to clear search by deleting text and clicking enter to reset the page.

- Collection Overview page restored for users.

- Additional attributes for Check Ins report: "Invite Code", "Invite Source", and "Booking Link".

## Fixed

- Booking link tag functionality when editing or removing tags from info details.

- Alert message for current password requirement when updating account (does not apply to Google OAuth or 2FA changes).

- Invite status bug resolved for all invite views.

- Bug fix for saving organisation details when TOS or support email are empty.

- Tax bug resolved with tax showing up even when set to 0%.

- Booking Link creation bug fix related to unique slugs.
